docs: update plugin documentation (#888)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/plugins/SyntaxHighlighting.md

---
title: "SyntaxHighlighting"
tags:
  - plugin/transformer
---

> This plugin is used to add syntax highlighting to code blocks in Quartz. See [[syntax highlighting]] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin converts all code-block to add support for [[syntax highlighting]] for the generated site.
```

Reviewer 2: imo the current phrasing is fine here
